okay so you guys know I talk about
dealers all the time like pretty much
all my outfit of the days come from a
daily look because they put the outfits
together I know anything that like a lot
but usually go to the sites bigger now I
can link it below this with the link if
you want to see but it's like totally
free to sign up and like each day they
pair like a full outfit so like I always
like get a full outfit and like see
where they pair they're stuck with and
then you can like pair it with something
your own closet you don't ask for how to
buy like the full outfit just buy pieces
so like what I did is I bought different
pieces from different outfits so like
this denim jacket Oh such a staple um
it's so nice and it's so like you guys
know me I'm like a science like 12 so
it's like nice and like baggy on me
which is perfect and I know my sister
tried it on and it was like baggy on her
so it's really just a great like one
size thing and I really really like it's
so so comfortable and like the perfect
jacket for spring cuz it's still like a
little cold but this is on one girl she
was wearing a drastic I totally loved it
but I was like okay wait I want to
splurge on something else and then I got
this infinity scarf which I've never had
an infinity scarf and they love it it's
this cream and they had a great color
but it was sold out and I just think
it's like the cutest thing ever and it
just keeps me like neck in my chest warm
because I've been like seriously I think
I'm like getting a cold so I really
wanted to keep that like warm so then I
just paired it with a dress and a half
and target from last summer and I like
because like the dress alone is not
really anything great but it's really
human comfortable so like piecing it
with some like new fashion items and
some new items kind of make the outfit
feel fresh again and then I'm having my
mom's eye boots on just because she left
him here and I was like I can't wear
these to school because they were like
super super cute oh and my book bag is
also from daily look I love it it's so
so cute I just have an iPad there so I
know it's like whatever um but I haven't
my idea my iPad like that's really all I
need for my classes my first day um yeah
and then my accessories and just have a
watch my Michael Kors watch um just
because obviously I need a watch for
school and I'm like not one of those
people to queue cellphones in school I
don't know if you can I know my college
it goes like you can't be on cell phone
so I don't know I had a lunch I'm like
so nervous because it's like weird to be
back and then I just
bohemian bracelet from my website
Trish's treasure chest so yeah so this
outfit is great again the style ideas I
totally have to give credit to daily
look in their model and so yeah check it
out I actually was able to get the both
these items on sale for the first 36
hours all their items on sale so yeah
it's pretty cool so I don't know what I
drew those high lips maybe it's my back
to school for the day I don't know I'm
really excited and yeah which also -
real quick I thought I'd to show you
guys kind of make this like a haul from
daily look um just pieces I've gotten in
the past that kind of all pieced
together so even though you can buy
these pieces separately I'll see them on
like a full outfit that I love and I'll
get them so I'm thinking these sneakers
as like an alternative if it wasn't so
cold I'd wear these these are these high
like wedge sneakers and they had that
paired with these plan leggings which i
think is so adorable if you guys can see
that is so so cute oh my gosh and then
it's so funny because this fall outfit
with the infinity scarf they had with
this sweater that I got back in the fall
from daily look so I think like once you
start building your pieces they'll like
recycle some of their items that they
have like from the past seasons and make
them new and fresh again which I love is
high low and then finally this purse oh
so cute you'll have to see the study
adorable you can just shop buy bags buy
dresses my skirts and I do buy a bags
cuz I'm going obsessed with their bags
and I just thought this was so cute and
I'm going to in the end I'm like a
couple weeks so I thought oh perfect the
price is right so I said yes so yeah I
guess I sort of turned into a hall slash
outfit of the day pad again for next
video kisses bye guys